>> Kyle Simpson: So let's jump into
our exercise on function expressions.
Pull up the readme and the ex.js for
the function expressions exercise.
In this exercise,
you're gonna be writing some functions and
also some function expressions.
And these functions are gonna be managing
some student enrollment records for
our workshop.
The spirit of the exercise is that you're
gonna be using what we've learned about
named functions and
using functions wherever possible.
So you wanna be using things like map and
filter and
find instead of your old school for loops.
You wanna use functions wherever possible.
This is broken up into two parts,
this exercise.
First, complete part one and
then complete part two.
We'll come back, when we come back we
will explain the solution for both so
you will have time to work on both parts.
In part one, what you're gonna do is write
a function declarations and named function
expressions according to the instructions
here, and I'll go over those in a moment.
In part two,
what you're going to do is rewrite
all of those functions that
you did as arrow functions.
The purpose of part one and
part two is for
you to have a side by side comparison of
the differences in code readability and
functionality between using named
functions and using arrow functions, okay?
So there won't be any
difference in behavior,
just simply a difference in code
style between those two parts.
>> Kyle Simpson: The main functionality
that you need to implement is that
there are three functions,
called printRecords,
paidStudentsToEnroll, and
remain, I'm sorry, remindUnpaid.
Those three functions have been
stubbed out in the ex.js file.
They're there for you, you see what
they receive as arguments, I mean,
as parameters.
But you need to implement those
according to what the readme says.
And you'll notice that those functions
are already called for you, so
here I've called printRecords.
I call paidStudentsToEnroll and
I call remindUnpaid and
the output that is expected
is here in this code comment.
So your output needs to match this output,
okay?
What printRecords does is it
takes a list of student IDs.
So it's gonna take an array of
student IDs as you see here,
we are passing in an array of student
IDs called currentEnrollment.
So printRecords takes
a list of student IDs and
needs to retrieve each student record.
Those are stored in
the studentRecords array.
Retrieve each record by ID, and there's
a hint there than you can use array find.
Sorted by the student name, ascending.
You can use array sort, but you're
gonna have to use a custom function.
And then print each record to the console
or the console log statement including
their name, their ID, and
whether or not they're paid.
That's what that function does.
Number two, the paid students to enroll
function looks through all the student
records and checks to see if any of
them are paid but not yet enrolled.
Meaning they're not yet
in the currentEnrollment array,
their ID isn't there.
Collect those IDs and
then return a new array with the
previously enrolled IDs plus the new ones.
So, it doesn't modify,
it returns a new array.
And finally, the remindUnpaid is you're
gonna take a list of student IDs and
filter that list to only ones whose
records are in the unpaid status.
And then pass that list back to
our printRecords from item one
to print out only
the students that are unpaid.
Okay, so this is part one of
the exercise and again, part two,
you don't change any behavior, you just
simply rewrite it with arrow functions.
Generally speaking, part one should
take you about 15 minutes and
part two should take
you about five minutes.
So overall we would take about
20 minutes to do this exercise.
So we'll break now, let you have a chance
to work on exercise part one and part two.
I'd recommend putting your
solutions in two separate files so
that you can compare and contrast them.
We'll come back in a little bit and talk
through the solution to this exercise.
Reminder that if you get stuck and you
need a little bit of a hand through you
just like to cheat, the solutions files
are there in EXfix-1 and EXfix-2.